Texas: rewording (#331)
2020PB/police-brutality: reports/Texas.md

### Police use flashbangs and tear gas on protestors | May 31st

> The video shows an individual trying to escape, what seems to be loud explosions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first-person video shows an individual running away from what seem to be loud explosions.
```
